TODO.md, before:

# TODO.md
[ ] Figure out style/ code requirements for CS163 homework assignments
[ ] Figure out style/ code requirements for CS162 homework assignments

# CS162
[ ] Add check for correct spelling and grammar
[ ] Check for conventions being met for variables, constant, function names:
	[ ] No capitalized or upper case variables
	[ ] Single letter vairable names for loop control variables (May be difficult to implement?)
[ ] Use of gotos and global variables not allowed (GLOBAL CONSTANTS OKAY)
[ ] No breaks within loops
[ ] No returns from a function within a loop
[ ] All variable definitions must be before the executable statements of main/ each function (clarify?)
[ ] One statement per line
[ ] Comments prior to the code where it appears
[ ] Blank space required between words in a line
[ ] Blank space after each comma, and after * / + - = << >>
[ ] Indent each line of the program except for the curly braces that mark the beginning and end (TWO HARD SPACES MINIMUM, CONSISTENTLY)

[ ] Blank lines required between sections of program
[ ] Curly braces always appear on line after conditional in if, switch
[ ] Switch statement lables appear on same line of first statement

Commit message:

Add CS162 style requirements from Style Sheet.pdf on d2l

TODO.md, after:

# TODO.md
[ ] Figure out style/ code requirements for CS163 homework assignments
[ ] Figure out style/ code requirements for CS162 homework assignments

# CS162 - Style requirements
[ ] Add check for correct spelling and grammar
[ ] Check for conventions being met for variables, constant, function names:
	[ ] No capitalized or upper case variables
	[ ] Single letter vairable names for loop control variables (May be difficult to implement?)
[ ] Use of gotos and global variables not allowed (GLOBAL CONSTANTS OKAY)
[ ] No breaks within loops
[ ] No returns from a function within a loop
[ ] All variable definitions must be before the executable statements of main/ each function (clarify?)
[ ] One statement per line
[ ] Comments prior to the code where it appears
[ ] Blank space required between words in a line
[ ] Blank space after each comma, and after * / + - = << >>
[ ] Indent each line of the program except for the curly braces that mark the beginning and end (TWO HARD SPACES MINIMUM, CONSISTENTLY)

[ ] Blank lines required between sections of program
[ ] Curly braces always appear on line after conditional in if, switch
[ ] Switch statement lables appear on same line of first statement
[ ] Header at top of EACH file explaining program use, with author name, date, class number, and program number
[ ] Header at top of each function
[ ] Comment after each varible declaration with usage
[ ] No use of while(1)
[ ] No use of standard string class ("#include <string>")
